[16.0][ADD] shopinvader_api_customer (#1551)
shopinvader/odoo-shopinvader: shopinvader_api_customer/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This addon adds a web API on top of the res.partner model to ease the management
> of customer personal data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This addon adds a web API to allow your logged-in customer to manage their settings as its name, mobile, phone, opt-in, ...
```
